bsdlib: version 0.7.6 (#225)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: bsdlib/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

bsdlib 0.7.6
************

> * Added bsdlib support for ``TLS_CIPHERSUITE_LIST``. List of supported
>   ciphersuites can be obtained using :cpp:func:`getsockopt()`, and
>   selecting one is done by :cpp:func:`setsockopt()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added bsdlib support for ``TLS_CIPHERSUITE_LIST``.
  :cpp:func:`getsockopt()` lists the supported cipher suites and :cpp:func:`setsockopt()` selects a supported cipher suite.
```

Author: changed

> * Support for sending more than 2k packets in TLS socket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for sending packets sized more than 2048 bytes in TLS socket.
```

Author: changed
